*: disable telemetry by default (#12519) (#12675)
pingcap/docs: telemetry.md

# Telemetry

When the telemetry is enabled, TiDB, TiUP and TiDB Dashboard collect usage information and share the information with PingCAP to help understand how to improve the product. For example, this usage information helps prioritize new features.

> **Note:**
>

> > - Starting from February 20, 2023, the telemetry feature is disabled by default in new versions of TiDB and TiDB Dashboard, including v6.6.0, and usage information is not collected and shared with PingCAP. Before upgrading to these versions, if the cluster uses the default telemetry configuration, the telemetry feature is disabled after the upgrade. See [TiDB Release Timeline](/releases/release-timeline.md) for the specific version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Starting from February 20, 2023, the telemetry feature is disabled by default in new versions of TiDB and TiDB Dashboard, and usage information is not collected and shared with PingCAP. Before upgrading to these versions, if the cluster uses the default telemetry configuration, the telemetry feature is disabled after the upgrade. See [TiDB Release Timeline](/releases/release-timeline.md) for a specific version.
```
